the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 2 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out third beaker. pour red beaker into fifth one. it turns brown	the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 3 brown, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 purple	pour orange beaker into yellow one
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out the first beaker with yellow chemical. then, add the green chemical to the leftmost beaker that contains yellow chemical. add the remaining yellow chemical to it as well	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 green and 2 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	mix it
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 green	throw out fourth beaker. pour red beaker into sixth one. pour second beaker into sixth one	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 2 purple and 1 red, the last beaker has 1 green	it turns brown
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out the yellow chemical. then, add the contents of the first beaker to the last. mix it	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 2 brown	then, throw it out
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 3 yellow, the second to last beaker has 2 green, the last beaker has 3 orange	throw out all of the first yellow beaker. pour all of the green beaker into the first yellow beaker. mixed chemicals turn brown in the forth beaker	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 3 brown, the fifth beaker has 3 yellow, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 3 orange	throw out two parts of the brown beaker
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 2 purple	empty out the last beaker. same for the orange chemical. again for the yellow chemical	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	drain out the purple chemical
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 2 orange, the second to last beaker has 3 orange, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out red beaker. pour fifth beaker into green one. it turns brown	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 3 brown, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 3 orange, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out last beaker
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 2 green	throw out fourth beaker. pour red beaker into sixth one. it turns brown	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 2 brown, the last beaker has 2 green	throw out fifth beaker
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out red beaker. pour last beaker into green one. it turns brown	the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 2 brown, the last beaker is empty	pour first beaker into brown one
the first beaker has 2 orange, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 2 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 2 yellow, the second to last beaker has 3 yellow, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out one unit of orange beaker. pour fifth beaker into orange one. throw out sixth beaker	the first beaker has 1 orange and 2 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 2 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 purple	first beaker turns brown
the first beaker has 2 purple, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 2 green, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out all of the red beaker. then throw out part of the second green beaker. pour the last green beaker into the second green beaker	the first beaker has 2 purple, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 2 green, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	pour all of the purple beaker into the first yellow beaker
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out last beaker. pour green beaker into fourth one. pour red beaker into sixth one	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 green and 1 purple, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 purple and 1 red, the last beaker is empty	throw out yellow beaker
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 2 green, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 red	throw away the fifth beaker with the red chemical in it. put the orange chemical in the sixth beaker into the last beaker with the red chemical in it. throw away the last beaker with the red/orange chemicals and add a brown chemical into it	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 2 green, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 2 brown	now, get rid of half of the brown chemical that we just added into the last beaker
the first beaker has 3 red, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out one part of the middle red beaker. pour all of the purple beaker into the middle red beaker. pour the green beaker into the yellow beaker	the first beaker has 3 red, the second beaker has 1 green and 1 yellow, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 purple and 2 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 red	mix the yellow and green beaker together
the first beaker has 2 red, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 2 red, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out one unit of sixth beaker. pour sixth beaker into third one. it turns brown	the first beaker has 2 red, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 2 brown, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out yellow one
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 3 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 3 red, the last beaker has 1 orange	drain 2 units from the right beaker of red chemical. then, add the orange chemical from the fourth beaker to it. drain 2 units from the third beaker	the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 orange and 1 red, the last beaker has 1 orange	next, mix the second to last beaker
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 2 red, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 3 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out first beaker. pour yellow beaker into last one. it turns brown	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 2 red, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 3 orange, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 2 brown	pour sixth beaker into brown one
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 3 purple, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	empty out the second to last beaker. then, add the yellow chemical form the last beaker to the green chemical. mix it	the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 3 purple, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 2 brown, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	add the orange chemical to it
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 3 green, the third beaker has 3 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 3 purple, the second to last beaker has 2 yellow, the last beaker has 2 yellow	throw out fourth beaker. throw out one unit of fifth beaker. throw out one unit of sixth beaker	the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 3 green, the third beaker has 3 orange, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 2 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 2 yellow	pour purple beaker into sixth beaker
the first beaker has 3 red, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 3 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 orange	empty out the second beaker. same for the last. then, drain 1 unit of purple chemical	the first beaker has 3 red, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 2 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker is empty	add the rightmost red chemical to the remaining purple chemical
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 3 green, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 2 green	empty out the second beaker. drain 2 units of green chemical from the third beaker. then, empty out the first beaker	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 2 green	add the leftmost beaker of green chemical to the orange chemical
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 2 purple, the fourth beaker has 2 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out two units of purple beaker. pour second beaker into purple one. pour green beaker into third one	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 green and 1 orange and 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 2 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out top two units of third beaker
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 2 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out last beaker. pour green beaker into third one. it turns brown	the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 3 brown, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	throw out two units of brown one
the first beaker has 2 green, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 3 green, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out red beaker. pour first beaker into last one. it turns brown	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 3 green, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 3 brown	pour purple beaker into yellow one
the first beaker has 3 red, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 2 green	throw out one unit of first beaker. pour purple beaker into first one. it turns brown	the first beaker has 3 brown, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 2 green	pour fourth beaker into second one
