the first beaker has 2 red, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker is empty	empty out 1 unit from the first beaker	same for the orange chemical
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 2 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out third beaker. pour red beaker into fifth one. it turns brown	pour orange beaker into yellow one
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out the first beaker with yellow chemical. then, add the green chemical to the leftmost beaker that contains yellow chemical. add the remaining yellow chemical to it as well	mix it
the first beaker has 2 red, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 2 red, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out one unit of sixth beaker. pour sixth beaker into third one	it turns brown
the first beaker has 3 red, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 2 red, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	throw out one unit of third beaker. pour fifth beaker into third one. it turns brown. pour fourth beaker into brown one	it turns completely brown
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 3 red, the third beaker has 2 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 green	throw out one unit of third beaker	pour first beaker into third one
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw all of the second red beaker out. take the yellow beaker and pour it into the red beaker. chemical turns brown in second beaker. take the green beaker and mix it in with the brown beaker	chemical once again turns brown in the beaker
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker is empty	throw out fourth beaker. pour sixth beaker into second one. pour fifth beaker into second one. throw out one unit of second beaker	pour yellow beaker into orange one
the first beaker has 3 orange, the second beaker has 2 purple, the third beaker has 2 yellow, the fourth beaker has 3 purple, the fifth beaker has 3 green, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 red	drain 1 unit from the second beaker. then, add the red chemical to it. drain the red chemical. same for the remaining purple chemical in that beaker	finally, drain 1 unit from the first beaker
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out the yellow chemical	then, add the contents of the first beaker to the last
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 green	throw out fourth beaker. pour red beaker into sixth one. pour second beaker into sixth one	it turns brown
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 3 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 purple	empty out the second to last beaker. then, add the orange chemical to the last beaker. same for the green chemical	mix it
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 3 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 3 red	drain 1 unit from the center beaker	then, add the red chemical from the fifth beaker to it
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 green	throw out purple beaker. pour orange beaker into fourth one	it turns brown
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 2 yellow, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 1 green	throw out one unit of yellow beaker	pour yellow beaker into purple one
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 purple	empty out the second to last beaker. add the orange chemical to the rightmost beaker of yellow chemical. then, add the remaining yellow chemical to the beaker of red chemical	mix it
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out the yellow chemical. then, add the contents of the first beaker to the last. mix it	then, throw it out
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out green beaker. pour sixth beaker into second one	throw out second beaker
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 3 purple, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 3 green, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out two units of green beaker. pour yellow beaker into first one	it turns brown
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 3 orange, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out all of the red beaker	throw out one part of the first orange beaker
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 2 red, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 yellow	drain 1 unit from the leftmost beaker of red chemical. then, add the green chemical from the second beaker to it. mix it. next, empty out the first beaker of red chemical	same for the orange chemical
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out the rightmost beaker of yellow chemical. then, add the remaining yellow chemical to the leftmost beaker of purple chemical. add the last beaker of orange chemical to it as well. mix it	finally, throw out the green chemical
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out yellow beaker	pour fourth beaker into last one
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 2 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out last beaker	pour first beaker into second one
the first beaker has 3 green, the second beaker has 2 orange, the third beaker has 2 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out one unit of purple beaker. throw out purple one. pour fourth beaker into sixth one. pour fifth beaker into sixth one	throw out one unit of sixth one
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 3 yellow, the second to last beaker has 2 green, the last beaker has 3 orange	throw out all of the first yellow beaker. pour all of the green beaker into the first yellow beaker. mixed chemicals turn brown in the forth beaker	throw out two parts of the brown beaker
the first beaker has 2 purple, the second beaker has 2 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 2 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out one unit of fifth beaker. pour fifth beaker into second one	pour red beaker into fourth one
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 2 purple	empty out the last beaker. same for the orange chemical. again for the yellow chemical	drain out the purple chemical
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 2 orange, the second to last beaker has 3 orange, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out red beaker. pour fifth beaker into green one. it turns brown	throw out last beaker
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 3 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 orange	empty out the first beaker. next, add the orange chemical to the red. mix it. then, drain 2 units of purple chemical	last, drain the remaining purple chemical
the first beaker has 2 green, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 red	empty out the third beaker. same with the last beaker. then, add the orange chemical to the yellow. mix it	last, drain 1 unit of it
the first beaker has 3 yellow, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 3 orange, the fourth beaker has 3 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out the right most orange chemical. pour the first purple chemical into the last orange chemical beaker	then, mix those two chemicals together
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 2 green	throw out fourth beaker. pour red beaker into sixth one. it turns brown	throw out fifth beaker
the first beaker has 3 yellow, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 3 orange, the fourth beaker has 3 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out the right most orange chemical	pour the first purple chemical into the last orange chemical beaker
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 2 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 yellow	drain 1 unit from the right beaker of purple chemical	next, add the yellow chemical from the last beaker to it
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 2 red, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker is empty	empty out the third beaker. then, add the purple chemical to the green	add the red chemical from the rightmost beaker to the second beaker
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out third beaker. pour fourth beaker into purple one	pour last beaker into sixth one
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out red beaker. pour last beaker into green one. it turns brown	pour first beaker into brown one
the first beaker has 2 orange, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 2 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 2 yellow, the second to last beaker has 3 yellow, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out one unit of orange beaker. pour fifth beaker into orange one. throw out sixth beaker	first beaker turns brown
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 3 green, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker is empty	empty out 2 units of the green chemical. add the orange chemical to it. mix it. then, throw out 1 unit of it	finally, dump out that remaining unit as well
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 2 purple, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out fifth beaker	pour third beaker into fourth one
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 orange	pour the green chemical out	pour the last orange beaker into the first orange beaker
the first beaker has 2 purple, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 2 green, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out all of the red beaker. then throw out part of the second green beaker. pour the last green beaker into the second green beaker	pour all of the purple beaker into the first yellow beaker
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 2 green, the last beaker has 1 yellow	empty out the green chemical	then, add the purple chemical from the second beaker to the third
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 2 purple, the fourth beaker has 2 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out two units of purple beaker	pour second beaker into purple one
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 2 purple, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out fifth beaker. pour third beaker into fourth one	pour yellow beaker into fourth one
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out the first beaker with yellow chemical. then, add the green chemical to the leftmost beaker that contains yellow chemical. add the remaining yellow chemical to it as well. mix it	then, pour out two units of it
the first beaker has 3 orange, the second beaker has 2 green, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 2 yellow, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out one unit of green beaker. pour red beaker into green one	it turns brown
the first beaker has 2 green, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out last beaker. pour fifth beaker into purple one	it turns brown
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 2 yellow, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out the first purple chemical. same with the next purple chemical. now pour the first purple chemical into the yellow beaker. then mix it together	then take the same beaker and throw it out
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 2 orange, the second to last beaker has 3 orange, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out red beaker. pour fifth beaker into green one	it turns brown
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 2 green, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 red	throw away the fifth beaker with the red chemical in it	put the orange chemical in the sixth beaker into the last beaker with the red chemical in it
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 3 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out one unit of purple beaker. throw out second beaker. pour red beaker into last one. it turns brown	pour yellow beaker into brown one
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 2 red, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 green	empty out the second beaker. next, add the red chemical to the leftmost beaker of green chemical	mix it
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 3 yellow, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out the orange chemical. then, add the yellow chemical from the third beaker to the second. add the purple chemical to it too	mix it
the first beaker has 2 purple, the second beaker has 2 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 2 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out one unit of fifth beaker. pour fifth beaker into second one. pour red beaker into fourth one. it turns brown	pour last beaker into brown one
the first beaker has 2 red, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 3 yellow, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out one unit of first beaker. pour last beaker into first one. pour green beaker into first one. it turns brown	throw out two units of brown beaker
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 green	throw out red beaker. pour first beaker into third one. pour second beaker into purple one. it turns brown	throw out one unit of brown beaker
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out last beaker. pour green beaker into fourth one. pour red beaker into sixth one	throw out yellow beaker
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 2 green, the last beaker has 3 yellow	throw out one unit of last beaker	throw out another unit of last one
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 2 green, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 red	throw away the fifth beaker with the red chemical in it. put the orange chemical in the sixth beaker into the last beaker with the red chemical in it. throw away the last beaker with the red/orange chemicals and add a brown chemical into it	now, get rid of half of the brown chemical that we just added into the last beaker
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 yellow	empty out the second beaker. then, add the green chemical to the purple chemical. mix it. add the orange chemical to it	then, mix it again
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 3 purple, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out everything in the second beaker from the right. pour the fourth beaker into the fifth beaker	pour the last beaker on the right into the fifth beaker
the first beaker has 3 yellow, the second beaker has 3 red, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 yellow	drain 1 unit from the first beaker. then, add the green chemical to it. pour back out the green chemical as well as another unit of yellow. then, add the purple chemical to it	mix it up
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 3 green, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	add 1 unit of yellow chemical to beaker 6. then, add 1 unit of yellow chemical from beaker 6 into the green chemical in beaker 4	mix beaker 4 for brown chemical
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 3 yellow, the third beaker has 2 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 3 yellow, the last beaker has 1 green	throw out one unit of sixth beaker	throw out the rest
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out fifth beaker. pour green beaker into first one	pour first beaker into fourth one, with green going in first and yellow on top
the first beaker has 3 yellow, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 purple	empty out the rightmost beaker of yellow chemical	then, add the green chemical to the orange
the first beaker has 3 orange, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 2 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out on unit of fifth beaker. pour last beaker into fifth one	pour fourth beaker into fifth one
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 2 orange, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker has 3 green, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out two units of fourth beaker. pour orange beaker into fourth one. throw out top two units of fourth beaker. pour third beaker into fourth one	pour fourth beaker into sixth one
the first beaker has 3 yellow, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 purple	empty out the rightmost beaker of yellow chemical. then, add the green chemical to the orange	mix it
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 yellow	empty out the last beaker	next, pour the purple chemical into the beaker of orange chemical
the first beaker has 3 red, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out one part of the middle red beaker. pour all of the purple beaker into the middle red beaker. pour the green beaker into the yellow beaker	mix the yellow and green beaker together
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 2 red, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker has 2 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out third beaker. pour yellow beaker into orange one. it turns brown. throw out one unit of brown	pour purple beaker into brown one
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 2 green, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 purple	pour out all of the last purple beaker. pour the second red beaker into the yellow beaker. stir the yellow and red beaker. pour the first purple beaker into the brown beaker	throw out all of the red beaker
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 2 yellow, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker is empty	throw out half of the yellow chemical. then, throw out the remaining yellow chemical	add the right most green chemical to the first orange chemical
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 yellow	empty out the third beaker. then, add the yellow chemical from the last beaker to the fourth beaker. add the orange chemical to it too	mix it
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 2 green, the last beaker has 1 yellow	empty out the green chemical. then, add the purple chemical from the second beaker to the third. add the yellow chemical from the first beaker to it too. mix it	finally, empty out the fourth beaker
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 3 yellow	pour out 2 parts of last yellow beaker	pour contents of 1st yellow beaker into orange beaker
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 3 orange	throw out green beaker	throw out purple one
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out red beaker	pour fifth beaker into fourth one
the first beaker has 2 red, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 2 red, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out one unit of sixth beaker. pour sixth beaker into third one. it turns brown	throw out yellow one
the first beaker has 1 red, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 3 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 3 red, the last beaker has 1 orange	drain 2 units from the right beaker of red chemical. then, add the orange chemical from the fourth beaker to it. drain 2 units from the third beaker	next, mix the second to last beaker
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 2 red, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 3 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out first beaker. pour yellow beaker into last one. it turns brown	pour sixth beaker into brown one
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 2 yellow, the third beaker has 2 yellow, the fourth beaker has 2 green, the fifth beaker has 2 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 green	throw out first beaker	throw out last beaker
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 2 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 3 green	throw out two units of last beaker	pour second beaker into first one
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 2 red, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 2 yellow	throw out third beaker. pour red beaker into orange one	it turns brown
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 3 green, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	add 1 unit of yellow chemical to beaker 6. then, add 1 unit of yellow chemical from beaker 6 into the green chemical in beaker 4. mix beaker 4 for brown chemical. throw away 1 unit of brown chemical in beaker 4	add 1 unit of green chemical in beaker 1 to 1 unit of purple chemical in beaker 3
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 2 green, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out orange beaker. throw out purple beaker	pour second beaker into first one
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out the red chemical in the last beaker. throw out the red chemical in the fourth beaker. pour the purple chemical in the sixth beaker into the fifth beaker. mix the contents of the fifth beaker	pour the yellow chemical in the first beaker into the fifth beaker
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 3 purple, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	empty out the second to last beaker. then, add the yellow chemical form the last beaker to the green chemical. mix it	add the orange chemical to it
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 3 yellow, the fifth beaker has 3 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out first beaker. pour sixth beaker into orange one. it turns brown. pour green beaker into brown one	it turns completely brown
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 3 green, the third beaker has 3 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 3 purple, the second to last beaker has 2 yellow, the last beaker has 2 yellow	throw out fourth beaker. throw out one unit of fifth beaker. throw out one unit of sixth beaker	pour purple beaker into sixth beaker
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 2 green, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 3 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 purple	drain 1 unit from the third beaker. same for the remaining unit	add the yellow chemical to the sixth beaker
the first beaker has 3 red, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 3 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 orange	empty out the second beaker. same for the last. then, drain 1 unit of purple chemical	add the rightmost red chemical to the remaining purple chemical
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 3 green, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 2 green	empty out the second beaker. drain 2 units of green chemical from the third beaker. then, empty out the first beaker	add the leftmost beaker of green chemical to the orange chemical
the first beaker has 2 green, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 2 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 2 red, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out one unit of first beaker	pour red beaker into first one
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 2 purple	empty out the last beaker	same for the orange chemical
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 2 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 3 green	throw out two units of last beaker. pour second beaker into first one. it turns brown	pour sixth beaker into brown one
the first beaker has 2 green, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 3 red, the last beaker has 2 purple	throw out yellow beaker	throw out last beaker
