the first beaker has 3 red, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 2 red, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	throw out one unit of third beaker. pour fifth beaker into third one. it turns brown. pour fourth beaker into brown one	the first beaker has 3 red, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 2 brown and 1 purple, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	it turns completely brown
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw all of the second red beaker out. take the yellow beaker and pour it into the red beaker. chemical turns brown in second beaker. take the green beaker and mix it in with the brown beaker	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 2 brown and 1 green, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 purple	chemical once again turns brown in the beaker
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker is empty	throw out fourth beaker. pour sixth beaker into second one. pour fifth beaker into second one. throw out one unit of second beaker	the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 2 orange, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	pour yellow beaker into orange one
the first beaker has 3 orange, the second beaker has 2 purple, the third beaker has 2 yellow, the fourth beaker has 3 purple, the fifth beaker has 3 green, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 red	drain 1 unit from the second beaker. then, add the red chemical to it. drain the red chemical. same for the remaining purple chemical in that beaker	the first beaker has 3 orange, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 2 yellow, the fourth beaker has 3 purple, the fifth beaker has 3 green, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker is empty	finally, drain 1 unit from the first beaker
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 2 red, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 yellow	drain 1 unit from the leftmost beaker of red chemical. then, add the green chemical from the second beaker to it. mix it. next, empty out the first beaker of red chemical	the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 2 brown, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 yellow	same for the orange chemical
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out the rightmost beaker of yellow chemical. then, add the remaining yellow chemical to the leftmost beaker of purple chemical. add the last beaker of orange chemical to it as well. mix it	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 3 brown, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker is empty	finally, throw out the green chemical
the first beaker has 3 green, the second beaker has 2 orange, the third beaker has 2 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out one unit of purple beaker. throw out purple one. pour fourth beaker into sixth one. pour fifth beaker into sixth one	the first beaker has 3 green, the second beaker has 2 orange, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 3 orange, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out one unit of sixth one
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 3 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 orange	empty out the first beaker. next, add the orange chemical to the red. mix it. then, drain 2 units of purple chemical	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 2 brown, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 orange	last, drain the remaining purple chemical
the first beaker has 2 green, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 red	empty out the third beaker. same with the last beaker. then, add the orange chemical to the yellow. mix it	the first beaker has 2 green, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 2 brown, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	last, drain 1 unit of it
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 3 green, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker is empty	empty out 2 units of the green chemical. add the orange chemical to it. mix it. then, throw out 1 unit of it	the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 brown, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker is empty	finally, dump out that remaining unit as well
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 green, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out the first beaker with yellow chemical. then, add the green chemical to the leftmost beaker that contains yellow chemical. add the remaining yellow chemical to it as well. mix it	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 orange, the fourth beaker has 3 brown, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	then, pour out two units of it
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 2 yellow, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out the first purple chemical. same with the next purple chemical. now pour the first purple chemical into the yellow beaker. then mix it together	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 3 brown, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 red	then take the same beaker and throw it out
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 3 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 orange	throw out one unit of purple beaker. throw out second beaker. pour red beaker into last one. it turns brown	the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 2 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 2 brown	pour yellow beaker into brown one
the first beaker has 2 purple, the second beaker has 2 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker has 2 purple, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out one unit of fifth beaker. pour fifth beaker into second one. pour red beaker into fourth one. it turns brown	the first beaker has 2 purple, the second beaker has 3 purple, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 2 brown, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 purple	pour last beaker into brown one
the first beaker has 2 red, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 3 yellow, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out one unit of first beaker. pour last beaker into first one. pour green beaker into first one. it turns brown	the first beaker has 3 brown, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 3 yellow, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker has 1 yellow, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	throw out two units of brown beaker
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 green, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 green	throw out red beaker. pour first beaker into third one. pour second beaker into purple one. it turns brown	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 3 brown, the fourth beaker has 1 green, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 green	throw out one unit of brown beaker
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 yellow	empty out the second beaker. then, add the green chemical to the purple chemical. mix it. add the orange chemical to it	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 2 brown and 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 yellow	then, mix it again
the first beaker has 3 yellow, the second beaker has 3 red, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker has 1 green, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 yellow	drain 1 unit from the first beaker. then, add the green chemical to it. pour back out the green chemical as well as another unit of yellow. then, add the purple chemical to it	the first beaker has 1 purple and 1 yellow, the second beaker has 3 red, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 1 yellow, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 yellow	mix it up
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 2 orange, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker has 3 green, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	throw out two units of fourth beaker. pour orange beaker into fourth one. throw out top two units of fourth beaker. pour third beaker into fourth one	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 2 red, the fifth beaker has 3 green, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	pour fourth beaker into sixth one
the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 2 red, the third beaker has 1 yellow, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker has 2 yellow, the second to last beaker has 1 orange, the last beaker has 1 purple	throw out third beaker. pour yellow beaker into orange one. it turns brown. throw out one unit of brown	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 2 red, the third beaker is empty, the fourth beaker has 3 red, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 2 brown, the last beaker has 1 purple	pour purple beaker into brown one
the first beaker has 1 purple, the second beaker has 1 yellow, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 2 green, the second to last beaker has 1 red, the last beaker has 1 purple	pour out all of the last purple beaker. pour the second red beaker into the yellow beaker. stir the yellow and red beaker. pour the first purple beaker into the brown beaker	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker has 2 brown and 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 2 green, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	throw out all of the red beaker
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker has 1 purple, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker has 2 green, the last beaker has 1 yellow	empty out the green chemical. then, add the purple chemical from the second beaker to the third. add the yellow chemical from the first beaker to it too. mix it	the first beaker is empty, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 3 brown, the fourth beaker has 1 orange, the fifth beaker has 1 orange, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 yellow	finally, empty out the fourth beaker
the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 3 green, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 1 yellow, the last beaker has 1 yellow	add 1 unit of yellow chemical to beaker 6. then, add 1 unit of yellow chemical from beaker 6 into the green chemical in beaker 4. mix beaker 4 for brown chemical. throw away 1 unit of brown chemical in beaker 4	the first beaker has 1 green, the second beaker has 1 red, the third beaker has 1 purple, the fourth beaker has 2 brown, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker has 1 yellow	add 1 unit of green chemical in beaker 1 to 1 unit of purple chemical in beaker 3
the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker has 1 red, the fifth beaker has 1 red, the second to last beaker has 1 purple, the last beaker has 1 red	throw out the red chemical in the last beaker. throw out the red chemical in the fourth beaker. pour the purple chemical in the sixth beaker into the fifth beaker. mix the contents of the fifth beaker	the first beaker has 1 yellow, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 green, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker has 2 brown, the second to last beaker is empty, the last beaker is empty	pour the yellow chemical in the first beaker into the fifth beaker
the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker has 1 orange, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker has 1 purple, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 2 green, the last beaker has 1 green	throw out purple beaker. pour last beaker into second one. it turns brown. throw out brown beaker	the first beaker has 1 orange, the second beaker is empty, the third beaker has 1 red, the fourth beaker is empty, the fifth beaker is empty, the second to last beaker has 2 green, the last beaker is empty	pour green beaker into orange one
